Lao Tzu's guards have defected
What did you do?
Zhang Zhang Shuai, we are already working hard to suppress it
But it really can't suppress me
Why didn't you tell me?
No one dares to tell you that.
Come, come, this battle can't be fought
And we talked.
Was retreated
Hey, yeah.
Marshal
Now my soldiers have attacked
Tang Shuai, hurry up and withdraw
They obviously came prepared
Are we rivals?
Will be like this they will be like this
Let's go
Come on.
Protect me first and retreat
Commander, there are more than 2,000 people opposite us
Plus a sneak attack at night
The other party must not have the power to counterattack
Nice job.
Hey, by the way, except for Zhang Deshuai
Except for the traitors from the Li family
Anyone who wants to think can be exonerated
Is the teacher
Marshal
What's the matter?
Zhang Dashuai was routed by the yellow liger's army last night
Zhang Dashuai suffered heavy losses, Yellow Liger
Is this Master Huang a talent?
Incredible.
Liang Shuai Master Huang is dead
It was Wu Tian who took over the position of teacher
And commanded the battle last night
Wu Tian
Who is this Wu Tian?